and me
really admired doctor how do you
to treat so much and so much patient with
mental problems to see if one day you
I would not give you that the secret is in
know how to listen and not get carried away by
the problems your patients' manias
you have to try to understand them and never
to contradict them is only a matter
to play along and touch should
be your next patient appointment you
is a new doctor made appointment by
phone is about a man who gives you
for singing all day a rapper
compulsive pilots is fine tell him that
come in please
so I come to see good I know I have
but I can not stop rapping because if
no no no no no no no
I see this doctor, I do not know what
I have but I can not stop rapping
because I do not know why I do not know why
because I do not know I do not know
in the morning of then I bathe and of
breakfast and have breakfast Mr. eggs
scrambled or we go crashing or the
motuleños huevos rancheros and the egg is
So rich but my problem is not the
eggs is that I can not stop rapping
I keep my clothes in the closet and in the
tomorrow I like to go to fight I do not have
hair because I snuffed and with a quickie
all the time in my life is rap
I already have the solution, do not worry
I'm going to cure good, good
thanks sir sir thank you
all right
quiet quiet because it's very
contagious calm I will prescribe
Soothing thanks to the doctor and with this
I'm going to heal and look, look first, try
of not rapping and repeat your question but
no monkfish
I already doctor and with that
summers I'm going to cure very well very well
what of believers yesterday could I heal
I knew that you could cure me with
this soothing and will improve a gene
about insurance they will do it if insurance insurance
I will do it, do not forget to take your common
and if she comes later it's clear doctor my
next appointment to sell is thanks to your
turn the lord see you there
see you later
do well and see you later thank you
until then you do well today
doctor is aware of his patient
no no no no no what happens is that no longer
This is the first time that I got a
Dr. crazy ay I admire much I
I disappointed no no no miss in the
scene what happens is that it is the tune
like it sticks and I come here sanchez 15
days in Spain and already talked like
from Madrid do not worry I assure you that
it does not happen again
d
call me kitten I have selling this
wonderful songbook
look look
please
i
because we called to the house I am
worried and I feel very alone what
I feel I was busy working very hard
to keep being to keep me
bored and plunged into ruin with what
you give me I can not afford to buy
songs of offer and tunisia that you know of
harris that suspect however you
I want to cheat you think it's not done
time it is not always nothing to do it
with me it 's useless I'm going
stop
everything I can to please you of
You see, I swear and I think we give my life
my heaven little things and that is the daddy
my reign your money
let's live happily ever after
Miss and I'm going to give therapy to my
wife is that lately she has a
complex that makes you give up to discuss
as a pimpernel but do not worry about
nothing that is tipped
i
today I will change